chore(curriculum): add working with colors transcripts (#58479)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/lecture-working-with-colors-in-css/672bc4ff5e7a4bbdee8ba013.md

Watch the lecture video and answer the questions below.

# --transcript--

What are named colors in CSS, and when to use them?

In CSS, colors play a crucial role in designing web pages, enhancing readability, setting the mood, and improving user experience. One of the simplest ways to define colors in CSS is by using named colors. Named colors are predefined color names recognized by browsers. Here is an example of using a named color for a paragraph element:

```css
p {
  color: red;
}
```

> In this example, we’re using the named color `red` to style the text in a paragraph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we're using the named color `red` to style the text in a paragraph.
```
